ever more animals get squeezed into what
grassland remains it's as good a time as
any to meet the neighbors but some
neighbors are more of a problem
a southern Caracara has been sizing up
the group he's one of Brazil's top
scavengers and he too is after lungfish
he targets four young coatis maybe he
can scare them into dropping their food
[Music]
[Applause]
the youngsters inexperience showed it's
almost too easy
this one's a little smarter he makes for
the protection of the forest but he's
underestimated how bold a hungry
Caracara can be round one to the
Caracara
but the coati can't afford to give up
now the waters are still rising
each lungfish he loses is a crucial meal
missed the juveniles are getting more
efficient at finding the lungfish now
they've also figured out what size
snakes to count
[Music]
and they've realized that the best way
to deal with the Caracara is to give as
good as they get it's a sign of the
young coatis growing independence just
[Music]
in time because soon their world will be
underwater